DOC-3147: The default value of `pagebreak_split_block` is now `true` to match the new `pagebreak_separator` default. (#3795)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.0-release-notes.adoc

// #TINY-vwxyz1

// CCFR here.

> === The default value of `pagebreak_split_block` is now `true` to match the new `pagebreak_separator` default
> // #TINY-12462

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== The `pagebreak_split_block` option now defaults to `true`. When a page break is inserted, the resulting HTML output is: `<div style="break-after: page"></div>.`
// #TINY-12462
```

The default value for the `pagebreak_split_block` option has been changed from `false` to `true`. This change improves the user experience when inserting page breaks within block elements such as paragraphs, lists, or tables. When enabled:

* Page breaks will automatically split the block element at the cursor position
* Content after the page break will be moved to a new block element of the same type
* The structure and formatting of the content is preserved on both sides of the page break

> For example, with this HTML content:
> 
> [source,html]
> ----
> <p>First page</p>
> <p>Second page</p>
> ----
> 
> When placing the cursor after the word "Second" and inserting a page break, the result will be:
> 
> [source,html]
> ----
> <p>First page</p>
> <p>Second<div style="break-after: page"></div> page</p>
> ----
> 
> This behavior is now enabled by default, but can be disabled by setting `pagebreak_split_block: false` in the editor configuration.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, with this HTML content:

[source,html]
----
<p>First page</p>
<p>Second page</p>
----

When placing the cursor after the word "First page" and inserting a page break, the result will be:

[source,html]
----
<p>First page</p>
<div style="break-after: page"></div> 
<p>Second page</p>
----

This behavior is now enabled by default, but can be disabled by setting `pagebreak_split_block: false` in the editor configuration.

```
